1. all questions: frosted effect i asked for on questions is now being placed directly over the question heading which is wrong, it should be on the progress bar. analyse atttached image. now we have block background on the question and fading underneath which hides the question. analyse img1.png.
2. muscle priority. change the subheading to "Optional:...". Also change the dynamic message that appears upon highlight so that iit is "Select X of 3\n Tap to remove". without the line break everything moves up when the message changes.
3. video thumbnails are not rendering, is this a bunny issue? analyse img3.png. analyse img 4 and you can see the video has a functioning thumbnail.
4. video screen on workout logger demo. currently our video container has a border radius, i.e. curved corners. but the videos streaming from Bunny are square. can you make it so that it expands to fill the container? the thumbnail occupies the container (see img4.png) but when you hit play it then has a black bar top and bottom because it turns square inside the container.
5. the toolbar on the dashboard now doesn't function properly, it should use apple native styling with the glass lens like the Logger/Demo toolbar in the workout logger. this dashboard one has changed since the last update. it also looks awful because it's square with a broder radius rather than a round pill shape. give it this shape. the glass len also doesn't function, it doesnt' slide. make it like Demo/Logger except keep the sizing the same. analyse img5.png.
6. home screen, analyse img6.png - replace the "train." header with svg isolate logo with text. subheading "built for you" becomes "The world's #ยก/nstrength training app"
7. splash screen - working, but make the icon 20% size and also whatever the user was originally on appears for a split second before the splash screen renders, which defeats the point. from the moment the app is resumed it should appear, no delay whatsoever.